gotta respect the law bounce up shooting
shit oh I hate fucking security dude
security so ass I went to camp and I see
here you do bjs right now though feet
get down zero oh yeah home was never
home blocking look like never know what
I'd walk to you why do you have
rethinking their rules has mad people
blocked he doesn't mess around a couple
in football okay also block I don't man
just happy reason i'm just gonna trust
there was a reason because i was
annoying me that one day I'm Creole I'm
passes and I don't remember thing to do
eventually gave me me well that do I
smell too laggy as connect please don't
want to be like yeah so like oh my god
that should just count it down laggy
I'll go get frags Lord Franklin work
friends yeah you to do guys inside me
guys I back up back up back up if you
have tell come over inks there in but in
yes do doing a little okay well I inc an
Incan counting out oh my god damn oh
yeah
haha poco okay I'll bitch right here
well anyway I evening I'm going to
crossfit across how do you get away
whatever who left you left no idea of
Tamil top yoke I got an angle on oh come
on do you kidding me pimp slap that
bitch fucking when I got a powerful come
on me is done what I like to see out in
the field teamwork you made it look easy
oh I should have had them do that
fucking one in front of a lady I are
I'll just one ink and try on dogs inning
I through ink and just push it over to
one side okay one budget left I
delivered are they in I'll just want me
what's on them up
inside even thigh yeah yeah I should
have saved the one behind us be honest
be honest
we should go shit I'll push it up push
it up with your greedy Oh both of us not
even see it there SII sorry we should
still come out ahead on got electra and
arrow Errol's hurt back up back up back
up we're there Oh Ambrose is it 20
fishing in nice one more it should be
down called it his boys probably take it
back enough nope Oh behind a wall you
ain t mayhem oh lucky oh my god for
every mile an arrow you dancing blue
suede shoes oh that should have been
ahahaha where's April sat oh come on
girls get in there fifteen seconds it
should be good yeah he has to clear hey
guys how about there you were like right
behind me and I died I think I wasn't I
got I got I got really I got really hurt
laughs after no I didn't kill me much
like grabbing nades is taking out all
the action man i'm not getting aids on
somebody else crab being cuffed me I'll
grab some happy wrap something grabbed
them cuz I'm top three guys realize by
the fuckers
right there nice nice nice to give nice
kid you're gonna have a guy backlog I
beg off how are you hardy that's all
watch I myself a girl back over here
breezy
gaalan got in a fucking bitch
he's on he's on he's not one more one
more one more fuck
oh my god he got me though he got me a
little he's weak though thank you it
keep up the good work trying to get my
hammer burst back on it's coming this I
are they pushing inside I'll go inside
with you guys on the fucking guy
mothering all the way yeah I hyundai's
verge of a major tells me they're back
write back write the Avenue push up yet
I assume ensemble my gonna get the guy
pushing up middle nice and Isis
hey hey the parking top I the update
ponies like
got him no oh my not gonna back out
both my move come on can I get one thank
you shit guys see I don't like to be
picking up the look I'm go right across
awesome her how much I ain't my ink
got him Oh again dates have enough oh I
got a triple-double let's go for the
triple right now these fucking scrubs
dude all about to come off active hammer
verse on that corner are you kidding me
oh my god this is too funny I mean come
on I want them to start a party so you
can just don't keep inviting people then
we'd be oh my oh my god please all good
Heidi let me host it because you think
your goodies neighbors like to keep
clean who me how do i get that my father
okay connection to people that bounce in
it